HeeJin: I'm on my way to shoot my part of the teaser video.
HeeJin: Wow, I'm the only one to film at the outside.
(HeeKki's fateful meeting with GeomKki!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / HeeJin - ViViD"
(However, the rabbit looks uncomfortable...)
HeeJin: The rabbit was squirming restlessly in my arms...
HeeJin: Maybe he felt nervous or something...
HeeJin: So I had to take care of him...
HeeJin: While I was trying to act in front of the camera...
HeeJin: And even I had to care about my hair!
HeeJin: It should come out very well...
HeeJin: So I'm nervous..
HeeJin: Hey, rabbit. Please help me a little~
HeeJin: Don't worry, I'll finish soon!
(The second attempt to shoot with the rabbit!)
(The rabbit looks more comfortable than the first time)
HeeJin: I think he's getting relived.
HeeJin: I hope it will come out pretty~
HeeJin: as much as we tried...
HeeJin: Thank you for helping me, rabbit~